[Vega] Tutorials should be updated to include new inspector (#83797)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard/tutorials.asciidoc

If you copy and paste that into your Vega-Lite spec, and click "Update",
you will see a warning saying `Infinite extent for field "key": [Infinity, -Infinity]`.
Let's use our <<vega-inspector, Vega debugging skills>> to understand why.

Vega-Lite generates data using the names `source_0` and `data_0`. `source_0` contains
the results from the {es} query, and `data_0` contains the visually encoded results
which are shown in the chart. To debug this problem, you need to compare both.

> To inspect data sets, go to *Inspect* and select *View: Vega debug*. You will see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inspect data sets, go to *Inspect* and select *View: Vega debug*. You will see a menu with different data sources:
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_3.png[Vega-Lite tutorial Inspector Data sets]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_3.png[Data set selector showing root, source_0, data_0, and marks]
```

> To look closer at the source, select the matching option in the dropdown. It looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look closer at the raw data in Vega, select the option for `source_0` in the dropdown:
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_4.png[Vega-Lite tutorial Data sets source]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_4.png[Table for data_0 with columns key, doc_count and array of time_buckets]
```

> To compare to the visually encoded data, change dropdown selection to `data_0`. You will see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compare to the visually encoded data, change the dropdown selection to `data_0`. You will see:
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_5.png[Vega-Lite tutorial Data sets data]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_5.png[Table for data_0 where the key is NaN instead of a string]
```

  }
```

> This will show more errors, and you can inspect `data_0` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will show more errors, so you need to debug. Click *Inspect*, switch the view to *Vega Debug*, and switch to look at the visually encoded data in `data_0` to
```

understand why. This now shows:

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_6.png[Vega-Lite tutorial Data sets updated data]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_6.png[Table for data_0 showing that the column time_buckets.buckets.key is undefined]
```

> It looks like the problem is that the `time_buckets` inner array is not being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It looks like the problem is that the `time_buckets.buckets` inner array is not being
```

```

This does not yet produce the results you expect. Inspect the transformed data
by selecting `data_0` in *Data sets* again:

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_7.png[Vega-Lite tutorial Data sets transformed data]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_7.png[Table showing data_0 with multiple pages of results, but undefined values in the column time_buckets.buckets.key]
```

and seeing the points respond to the nearest position:

[role="screenshot"]

> image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_2.png[Vega-Lite tutorial selection enabled]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::visualize/images/vega_lite_tutorial_2.png[Vega-Lite tutorial selection enabled]

The selection is controlled by a Vega signal, and can be viewed using the <<vega-inspector, Vega Inspector>>.
```
